Doc: update documentation (#50)
trilitech/ledger-app-tezos-baking: doc/ram.md

Reviewer: Rename to NVRAM or Watermark.md

> # RAM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NVRAM
```

> To enable verification, the ledger will retain and modify, throughout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable verification, the ledger will retain following data in its Non-volatile memory. It will also modify data after each signing operation,
```
